<<<<<<< HEAD
# tuw_at_trec_cds_2015

This repository contains all the required files to reproduce the submissions made by TUW for TREC-CDS 2015.

Explanations:
=============


processTopics.py:
-----------------
This file takes as input the original topic file (first parameter) from TREC and generates a topic file to be used by Terrier (second parameter).
There are multiple configurations that must be set in the code itself.

Usage example: 
-------------
$python processTopic.py ../topics2015B.xml 2015B_summary_noexpansion_1_1_1.gz





=======
This repository contains all the required files to reproduce the submissions made by TUW for TREC-CDS 2015.

###Explanations:

##### processTopics.py:

This file takes as input the original topic file (first parameter) from TREC and generates a topic file to be used by Terrier (second parameter).
There are multiple configurations that must be set in the code itself.

###### Usage example: 

>$ python processTopic.py ../topics2015B.xml 2015B_summary_noexpansion_1_1_1.gz

##### topics/* 
Contains the topics created by the script processTopic.py

##### index_scripts/*
Preprocessing python scripts to read the NXML files and generate files in a TERC format that Terrier can index.

##### terrier/*
Contains a small patch to modify terrier (changing values for BM25 and accepting the weighting operator ('^'))
Contains the terrier.properties used while indexing and retrieving the documents.

##### runs/*
Contains the runs generated by Terrier

##### submitted_runs/* 
Contains the submitted runs generated by TUW team
>>>>>>> 1d16478d6008e7a94bb887b803ba267573a51065


